Update device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md (#5553)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md

**Property name: Sid**

> Description: Local coomputer Sid or the Sid of the AD object, defines whether apply this policy over specific user or user group; one entry can have maximum one Sid and an entry without any Sid means applying the policy over the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: Local computer Sid or the Sid of the AD object, defines whether to apply this policy over a specific user or user group; one entry can have a maximum of one Sid and an entry without any Sid means applying the policy over the machine.
```

**Property name: ComputerSid**

> Description: Local coomputer Sid or the Sid of the AD object, defines whether apply this policy over specific machine or machine group; one entry can have maximum one ComputerSid and an entry without any ComputerSid means applying the policy over the machine. If you want to apply an Entry to a specific user and specific machine, add both Sid and ComputerSid into the same Entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: Local computer Sid or the Sid of the AD object, defines whether to apply this policy over a specific machine or machine group; one entry can have a maximum of one ComputerSid and an entry without any ComputerSid means applying the policy over the machine. If you want to apply an Entry to a specific user and specific machine, add both Sid and ComputerSid into the same Entry.
```
